We've discussed before that
security is a team effort.
Did you know the group extends
well beyond a single
security team?
Protecting information
is a global effort!
When it comes to
vulnerabilities,
there are actually
online public libraries.
Individuals and
organizations use them to
share and document common
vulnerabilities and exposures.
We've been focusing a
lot on vulnerabilities.
Exposures are similar, but
they have a key difference.
While a vulnerability is
a weakness of a system,
an exposure is a mistake
that can be exploited
by a threat.
For example, imagine you're
asked to protect an
important document.
Documents are vulnerable
to being misplaced.
If you laid the document
down near an open window,
it could be exposed
to being blown away.
One of the most
popular libraries of
vulnerabilities and
exposures is the CVE list.
The common vulnerabilities and
exposures list, or CVE list,
is an openly
accessible dictionary
of known vulnerabilities
and exposures.
It is a popular resource.
Many organizations
use a CVE list
to find ways to improve
their defenses.
The CVE list was
originally created
by MITRE corporation in 1999.
MITRE is a collection of
non-profit research and
development centers.
They're sponsored by
the US government.
Their focus is on improving
security technologies
around the world.
The main purpose of
the CVE list is to
offer a standard
way of identifying
and categorizing known
vulnerabilities and exposures.
Most CVEs in the list are
reported by independent
researchers,
technology vendors,
and ethical hackers,
but anyone can report one.
Before a CVE can make
it onto the CVE list,
it first goes through a
strict review process by
a CVE Numbering
Authority, or CNA.
A CNA is an organization
that volunteers to
analyze and distribute
information on eligible CVEs.
All of these groups have
an established record of
researching vulnerabilities
and demonstrating security
advisory capabilities.
When a vulnerability or
exposure is reported to them,
a rigorous testing
process takes place.
The CVE list tests
four criteria that
a vulnerability must have
before it's assigned an ID.
First, it must be
independent of other issues.
In other words, the
vulnerability should be able to
be fixed without having
to fix something else.
Second, it must be recognized as
a potential security risk
by whoever reports it.
Third, the vulnerability must be
submitted with
supporting evidence.
And finally, the reported
vulnerability
can only affect one codebase,
or in other words, only
one program's source code.
For instance, the
desktop version
of Chrome may be vulnerable,
but the Android
application may not be.
If the reported flaw passes
all of these tests,
it is assigned a CVE ID.
Vulnerabilities added
to the CVE list are
often reviewed by other online
vulnerability databases.
These organizations
put them through
additional tests to reveal how
significant the flaws are
and to determine what kind of
threat they pose.
One of the most popular is
the NIST National
Vulnerabilities Database.
The NIST National
Vulnerabilities Database uses
what's known as the common
vulnerability scoring system,
or CVSS, which is
a measurement system that scores
the severity of a vulnerability.
Security teams use
CVSS as a way of
calculating the impact
a vulnerability
could have on a system.
They also use them
to determine how
quickly a vulnerability
should be patched.
The NIST National
Vulnerabilities Database provides
a base score of CVEs
on a scale of 0-10.
Base scores reflect the moment
a vulnerability is evaluated,
so they don't change over time.
In general, a CVSS that scores
below a 4.0 is considered
to be low risk
and doesn't require
immediate attention.
However, anything above a
9.0 is considered to be
a critical risk to
company assets that should
be addressed right away.
Security teams commonly
use the CVE list and
CVSS scores as part of
their vulnerability
management strategy.
These references
provide recommendations
for prioritizing security fixes,
like installing software
updates before patches.
Libraries like the CVE list,
help organizations
answer questions.
Is a vulnerability
dangerous to our business?
If so, how soon
should we address it?
These online libraries
bring together
diverse perspectives
from across the world.
Contributing to this
effort is one of
my favorite parts of
working in this field.
Keep gaining experience,
and I hope you'll
participate too!